Better specify repository name constraints (#4)
dead-claudia/github-limits: README.md

#### Repository names

> - Max length: 100 codepoints

Reviewer: Could you split this into two words? Unicode uses two words for it, and I'd like to stay consistent with their usage.
```suggestion
- Max length: 100 code points
```

> - All codepoints must be either a hyphen (`-`), an underscore (`_`), a period (`.`), or ASCII alphanumeric

Reviewer: See above + a minor grammatical nit.

```suggestion
- All code points must be either a hyphen (`-`), an underscore (`_`), a period (`.`), or an ASCII alphanumeric
```

- Must be unique per-user and/or per-organization

> Note: sequences of invalid codepoints are automatically replaced by a single hyphen (`-`)  

Reviewer: See above
```suggestion
Note: sequences of invalid code points are automatically replaced by a single hyphen (`-`)  
```
